Explicitly say that 'firebase/firestore' must be imported (#2333)
angular/angularfire: docs/install-and-setup.md

### 7. Inject `AngularFirestore`

> Open `/src/app/app.component.ts`, and make sure to `import 'firebase/firestore';`. Also, modify/delete any tests to get the sample working (tests are still important, you know):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open `/src/app/app.component.ts`, add `import 'firebase/firestore';`, and inject `AngularFirestore` in the constructor. Then remember to update your tests to get them passing (tests are still important):
```
